now we're going to create a bridal
bouquet that's not quite as formal as a
solid rose bouquet so that you can
easily do it perfect as perfect as
possible these spray roses remove a
couple of these lower ones but I'm not
gonna throw them wet because bred into a
corsage underneath with the money I cut
the sparrows it's a nice value you get a
lot of business on the stem and we're
gonna use wax flower pleated just by
running your hand down the stem getting
rid of little bits
this is also very fragrant those brides
who love fragrant flowers but are kind
of disappointed in me smell of roses
these days had someone stop using the
wax labyrinth of a nice spring okay
alright and we're all prepped and ready
to roll we're gonna start this bouquet
using our stock relatively straight tall
piece
start our tape winding again it's
probably a couple inches longer than the
length of my hand extended I'm just
going to start adding other flowers
spray rose and fill in this area of
spray rose I'm not putting that in the
same location it's not a totally flat
piece it's gonna be a little more
elusive natural and that way your brides
at home don't have to freak out about
doesn't look perfect because wild and
natural and anything goes depth from
these areas around add it in see where
space those from looking for the polls
to make sure I have you've done at this
point we've talked about a few more
since I have them already purchased
pretty round but we're still an informal
nice new shape your handles nice elegant
look and finish okay I came in some
double-sided satin ribbon of your color
choice and just wind that right around
covering all the tape that was showing
and now covering the stems yard of
ribbon here began so that when I kid my
pieces going to have a nice line of New
York is just a finishing touch and you
run pins right up here take the steps
are you just stick them right a bucket
of water chop them
luckily put them in a base so it will
hold up for you for the next day
nice summertime springtime just a
beautiful bride okay very easy for you
to do at home nobody can see the
mistakes
multi-levels here
she scraps and flowers and go whatever
you like